added documentation for translation review (#18)
oppia/creator-documentation: docs/reviewers/translations.rst

.. _reviewatranslation:

Reviewing Translations
======================

> Oppia's lessons are translated to multiple languages to ensure a wide range of students across the world could learn in their own language. After translations are submitted, they are sent for review. As a reviewer, you can review all the translations in the language you have review right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oppia's lessons are translated to multiple languages to ensure a wide range of students across the world can learn in their own language. After translations are submitted, they are sent for review. As a reviewer, you can review all the translations in the language for which you have review rights.
```

Author: Done.

To start reviewing the translations:

1. Click on |reviewtranslationbtn| in the left sidebar to see the list of all the available translations awaiting review.

.. figure:: /images/list-of-translations.png
   :alt: Translation Reviews awaiting review
   :scale: 60 %

   *Fig. 1*

> 2. Select the translation you want to review buy clicking on the |reviewbtn| of that particular translation. A translation review modal will open up as shown in the figure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the translation you want to review buy clicking on the |reviewbtn| button of that particular translation. A translation review modal will open up as shown in the figure.
```

Author: Done.

.. figure:: /images/review-translation-modal.png
   :alt: Review Translation Modal
   :scale: 80 %

   *Fig. 2*

> 3. The left side text-box contains the original text in English and the right side text-box contains the translated text. Check if the translation is gramatically correct and conveys the same meaning as the original text. Please follow :ref:`the guidelines <reviewguidelines>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The left side text box contains the original text in English and the right side text box contains the translated text. Check if the translation is gramatically correct and conveys the same meaning as the original text. Please follow :ref:`the guidelines <reviewguidelines>`.
```

Author: Done.

4. If you do not want to review, click on the |closebtn| button to close the modal.

> 5. If the translation is correct, click on |acceptandreviewnextbtn| button approve it and review the next translation. Adding a review message is not mandatory for while accepting a translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If the translation is correct, click on the |acceptandreviewnextbtn| button to approve it and review the next translation. Adding a review message is not mandatory when accepting a translation.
```

Author: Done.

> 6. If the translation is not correct, type a review message in the text-box with the label 'Review message' explaining the reason for rejection, possible improvements and suggestions. This message would be visible to the translator. Note that you cannot reject a translation without a review message.  Click on the |rejectandreviewnextbtn| button to continue reviewing other translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If the translation is not correct, type a review message in the text box with the label 'Review message' explaining the reason for rejection and any possible improvements and suggestions. This message would be visible to the translator. Note that you cannot reject a translation without a review message.  Click on the |rejectandreviewnextbtn| button to continue reviewing other translations.
```

Author: Done.

.. figure:: /images/better-translation.png
   :alt: Review Message
   :scale: 80 %

   *Fig. 3*

> 7. Continue the same procedure till you have completed reviewing all the translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Continue the same procedure until you have completed reviewing all the translations.
```

.. |reviewtranslationbtn| image:: /images/review-translation-button.png
                      :alt: Review Translation Button
                      :scale: 70%
.. |reviewbtn| image:: /images/review-button.png
                      :alt: Review Button
                      :scale: 70%
.. |closebtn| image:: /images/review-modal-close-button.png
                      :alt: Close button in Review Modal
                      :scale: 70%
.. |acceptandreviewnextbtn| image:: /images/accept-and-review-next.png
                      :alt: Accept and Review Next Button
                      :scale: 70%
.. |rejectandreviewnextbtn| image:: /images/reject-and-review-next-button.png
                      :alt: Reject and Review Next Button
                      :scale: 70%

.. _reviewguidelines:    
                
Guiding Principles
-------------------

> To ensure that translations convey the same meaning with same persuasiveness and simplicity as the original text, please keep these principles in mind:

Reviewer: Not sure if "persuasiveness" makes sense here?

```suggestion
To ensure that translations convey the same meaning with the same persuasiveness and simplicity as the original text, please keep these principles in mind:
```

Author: should I replace 'persuasiveness' with 'effectiveness'?

> To ensure that translations convey the same meaning with the same persuasiveness and simplicity as the original text, please keep these principles in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that translations convey the same meaning as the original text, please keep these principles in mind:
```

Let's just remove it.

>  * Ensure that the the voice and meaning of the original text is preserved. It doesn't mean you have to accept only literal translations. If the language is natural and understandable that stays close to the source, the translation is worth accepting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Ensure that the the voice and meaning of the original text is preserved. It doesn't mean you have to accept only literal translations. If the language is natural, understandable, and stays close to the source, the translation is worth accepting.
```

Author: Done.
